ac_add_options --enable-application=suite

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib

ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-lcms
ac_add_options --with-pthreads

ac_add_options --enable-default-toolkit=cairo-gtk2
ac_add_options --enable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --enable-optimize
ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-install-strip

ac_add_options --disable-javaxpcom
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-xprint
ac_add_options --disable-mochitest
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-pedantic

ac_add_options --enable-gio
ac_add_options --disable-gnomevfs
ac_add_options --enable-gconf
ac_add_options --enable-libnotify

export BUILD_OFFICIAL=1
export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
mk_add_options BUILD_OFFICIAL=1
mk_add_options MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
